hey everyone we are here at the end of
the conclusion of Mayan ALCS Boston
covers presented by mobile it exciting
right now by doublelift because I
couldn't interview him after the game
because he was too busy celebrating
right doublelift yeah exactly what did
you like how this is the end of the
conclusion as opposed to the beginning
of the game there the conclusion was
rather long let's put it that yeah yeah
it's a multi-step conclusion yeah and
here we are at the end of it what let's
talk a little bit about how you
celebrated what you guys do uh well
after we won we had a press conference
and then we went back to our hotel rooms
put down all our stuff and then pretty
much immediately went to a really nice
restaurant I can't remember the name but
it was really nice Italian place and we
ate a lot of good food it was a good
time did you really just do that a team
dinner did you guys drink it all the
some of us who were over the age indeed
we drank a little bit of wine did you
drink wine yeah I did there's a nice red
wine I don't really particularly like
wine but it seemed fitting for the
occasion
very good well where are you now now I'm
in Washington visiting Bonnie my
girlfriend and yeah we have a few days
off before we need to go back and group
up to the bootcamp which will be in
Korea so I'm gonna spend about three
days here in Washington I think maybe
four days actually but then we're gonna
go for the bootcamp right after very
good well so let's talk about the games
a little bit so for games did you expect
to go to four not really I thought we
would 3-0 after we won the first game
just because the enemy team I mean
immortals it seems like the kind of team
that get really shook after a loss so I
think the first game we played all right
and we won pretty convincingly I guess
so
I was surprised they're able to come
back in one of the games yeah now I'm
very fascinated by the fourth game which
maybe is one of the best comebacks and
her greatest comebacks at North American
LCS history and maybe within legal in
history as a whole now I think that
people will look at that game and say
that was a really good game and I think
there are a lot of people that are gonna
look at that game and say that was a
really terrible game and I'm very
curious where you fall on the spectrum
hmm that's a classic in a game I don't
know what to say like I think we to be
honest in the finals I feel like both
teams played pretty bad like TSM we we
just played so bad I I'm just shocked
that we were able to win like looking
back because we played probably at like
maybe like 75 percent of how good we
actually we're at the time I don't know
why I like it was it was a bunch of
different factors but I think we were
caught off guard a lot of time in the
early game and then we just like made
really uncharacteristic mistakes and
felt really far behind and like we
usually stem the bleeding really easily
like off of a mistake we'll be able to
come back a lot earlier than like 30
minutes in the game and we have 2n hips
down so it's a good game in the sense
that I think it's always possible to
come back and if you have if you have
smart team play then you can always come
back but it was kind of a bad game cuz
we let that we let them get 10k gold
ahead +2 and hips which was really
stupid you know it's just such a stupid
well we just made a lot of mistakes you
know giving up seven kills in the first
20 minutes it's pretty sad it's pretty
bad time yeah
did you did you always know you could
come back from that because I I think
everybody in the stadium had pretty much
just written it off as like all right on
to game 5 silver scrapes or whatever you
know like the media all have to rush
down to the main stage area and I think
everybody was just eating food and then
suddenly there was that play at the bot
lane tower that started to get you guys
back in the game I mean what what was it
like being on stage for that mm-hmm well
first off I hate silver scrapes I think
that's um so except don't glad that that
didn't play okay I really just I don't I
do not enjoy that song but in the game I
never I think much I was just like oh
we're really far behind I think we're
all really level-headed when we're
behind
it's really weird cuz like back when a
year ago and I was on the same team you
know same roster
I think we had a lot of problem coming
back from behind cuz like it's just
seemed like we had no options and like
we didn't know what to do and it was
really not very calm it felt very
frantic when we were behind but in that
game I felt like everyone was really
controlled it was like oh well that was
a pretty big mistake like they were
probably really far ahead now what
should like we started talking over with
you next like oh we need to wait until a
certain atom spike we should wait for a
good engage on like these certain
targets like Lucian and Ziya and then it
just got to the point where we got our
item spikes but we had been bleeding
like our base slowly so we were two hips
down and we finally decided okay like
now is a good time for us to look for
the engage cuz it's either now or we're
just gonna straight lose so we choose to
kind of push the game to the point where
we had to go and yeah I Vincent and
Dennis they they're really good on I get
champions now I think they're really
improved since the beginning of the
split and everything was just seemed
very calm like I don't think anyone on
the team was like this game is lost but
I think everyone on the everyone on the
team kind of realized that we're really
far behind and we're probably not going
to win but we should still do our best
you know yeah and so then you just
continued on and then at what point in
time did you realize was it just that
bottom line fight whenever Vincent was
able to make some start making plays or
you know when did it starts turn around
I think the well the first engage was
that mid and as far as I can remember it
was mid know you're right it was win and
then we had another one at top and hit
on Pope but both them I kind of like in
the back of my mind I thought if we fail
this and we're you know if we get a
steer we're gonna lose we're just so but
if we win this we're not necessarily
going to win so each time I knew there
was a huge risk so we were very careful
at picking our fights like we only did
it if we're absolutely sure that we were
gonna win because if we engage in five
you five we lose the end but if we get
your fire five and we win we'll maybe
have like we'll take a few hours we may
have to take Baron or something but
we're not gonna win off that so I don't
know
I think our coms was it was it felt good
when we initially came back but it
wasn't like oh man we're back in it you
know we're gonna win now like
yeah it was more like okay who blew sums
how about like why did we win that fight
how can we create that like what factors
came in like what mistakes do they make
and how can we like account for them not
making those mistakes in the next fight
so it for example the first time we
engage on Ziya it was like SIA died but
she didn't use her old T or flash so I
don't think about like that's reliable
we should go on Lucia next time we
talked about that we're like okay Lucian
is probably better because you know I
don't think this is gonna be in a
position where she doesn't flash or LT
again and then it was and then Vincent
was like okay get ready and then he says
I'm the flash on Lucian we went on that
and then the next fight I think off of
that fight we got a lot of sums so we
played off the summoner's that they burn
from that fight so it's just kind of
like a continuation you know it's all
just like one big long play and it's
kind of tense because if we messed up
once we're gonna lose yeah and then
after you want it what was sort of the
reaction from the team and how did
everyone feel I think it was there just
so pleasant you know it was good I
always say that it feels worse to lose
and it feels good to win so everyone we
felt really good winning obviously but I
wasn't like jumping up and down in my
seat you know it was like the first time
that I ever won right it was it was just
like damn that was cool you know what a
sick comeback like I'm proud of my
teammates I'm kind of a little bit proud
of myself but also a little bit of shame
of like how the fuck do we get Ted Cagle
behind you know like that's not an
acceptable way to play yeah so a little
bit of mixed feelings now you are off to
Korea and has that all been figured out
are you guys good now do you have a spot
to scrim ad and also you know in the
past I think you've publicly said that
you're kind of iffy on Korean boot camps
so how confident are you in this one yes
I have not recently I've kind of like or
maybe not recently in the last year I
kind of disavowed Korean boot camps I
didn't really believe in them but we
have everything set up and I think a big
part of it is just the day-to-day
lifestyle of living in Korea sucks this
I'm not as a foreigner I'm not saying
like Koreans in general their lifestyle
sucks but like as a foreigner the
availability of like healthy food and
food
that were used to eating you know that's
not too spicy or like just generally
like stuff that we like to eat but it's
also healthy it's not as available as
when we're living in LA which is like
super diverse a lot of easily
deliverable food straight to your
doorstep and generally like you can get
healthy options we we had a lot of
trouble because like Korean barbecue is
a very sit-down experience but we don't
go out to eat so like we need delivery
and yeah living in a hotel is obviously
less comfortable than let me get home
it's just straight-up gonna be less
comfortable and I don't know homey yeah
you've know listed all these reasons why
you would hate going on a Korean boot
camp but now you're gonna get on a
Korean boot camp so I mean the benefits
is they're still pretty like an arguable
that it's the ping for soloqueue is
really nice the number of script
partners that you get increases by a lot
and one thing is like if one and a team
chooses to do a Korean boot camp then
you have to go because then there's only
two na teams left in North America you
can't just only scream each other for
three weeks so it's like the diversity
of scream partners you get is a lot
better this little key is a lot better
and I guess like the general seriousness
of it also kind of amped up a little bit
because you know that you're on this
journey with your team and everyone's
sacrificing a lot and giving it
everything so you kind of need to amp it
up a little bit
in that time so are you changing your
mind on Korean boot camps now I think
it's good for the team if we can get the
logistics figured out which I know TSM
takes really seriously like they're
doing everything they can to make sure
we get good food good good place to live
and sleep and practice everything should
be taken care of as usual but this time
I guess with the addition of like we're
gonna have a translator with us so
that'll be really nice just having
somebody who can talk to people over the
phone when it comes to like ordering
food or just day-to-day things that we
need that'll be a lot more convenient
for us yeah very good are you clicking
around on the internet right now because
I'm seeing the monitor change the
lighting of your face I feel like you're
looking at different web
and clicking around yeah I'm actually
ready right now you know our /team still
I'm gonna check it out okay let's uh
credit in the world great love it so
this is I wasn't browsing anything this
is possibly the first time or last time
rather that somebody will have a chance
to talk to you or other people on Team
solomid before world's hits so give me
kind of a preview of what fans should
expect from Team solomid at Worlds do
you just don't expect last year where
everyone was saying we're a top boy team
in the world like I just hope we make it
out of groups I think that would be
really nice and I just hope you don't
get your shit on in groups and just I
fucked it I would just be so sad to have
the same result as last year yeah I
don't know I think they can I think our
fans should expect a lot out of us but
also with the caveat that like we're
also up against world-class teams we're
up against teams that I mean some of
them like have a very very long history
of success at Worlds especially Korean
teams some Chinese team just like
orangey even I don't know even European
teams have a better tracker two worlds--
Innis in na at least so I just um I hope
people don't get super overhyped and
then get fucking disappointed when we
don't win at all
I'm I'm a little bit middling this time
last time I was thinking like hell yeah
we're the shit we're top four we're
gonna crush it and then this time I'm
just gonna take it step by step and just
only think about what's next and not
just yeah only thing about what's next
you know one of the questions I also
wanted to ask you is that you're in a
unique position I am trying to think of
another player in the world who has
played for as long as you have but this
year you you know just by playing for so
long you know there are several people
that have you got like the was it the
all team MVP or all-star team for na LCS
basically consider the best ad carry in
North America but what is it that's
allowed you to hold this throne for so
long because it is a pretty unique
position you know I have no idea
I
think I just really like playing League
and it's just really fun so I just do a
lot with my support and I just play as
much as I can and when it's when it's
screams I just try to have fun
well while also like I don't only try to
have fun roll it screams I'm just having
a good time it allows me to play forever
like I just enjoy the process of
improvement the process of like
self-improvement and I think like people
it kind of like builds on itself where
after a few years of being considered
the best people expect me to be the best
and I don't want to let him down so yeah
I just I try to work harder than
everyone else and I think my experience
helps me a lot
my teammates help me a lot and I want it
like I don't know just it just
everything comes together as like TSM is
this factory of great team great player
mentality and they got me and bjergsen
on the same team and I think like he
helps me so much as a fellow teammate to
like just help me understand like oh wow
this guy is so great like he's been a
rock for so long I want to be just like
him I think everyone on the team in a
way like they want to be they look up to
be or extend a little bit so yeah a lot
of things just so many things my fans my
teammates the team mentality and culture
I just really like playing liek somebody
it's like a lot of the environment like
the TSM environment yeah I think so
in TSM it's not acceptable to be bad
that's for sure how much did the stream
split affects you that you took off this
year was that a good thing for you do
you think you're in better form than you
would have been what would you been more
burned out now would you be in an even
better place because you wouldn't have
taken so much time out from LCS like now
that you've had a whole split to kind of
reflect on that decision you know what
do you think of it no I'm really glad I
took that break I'm I'm mostly grateful
for how it turned out which is I got my
starting spot back on TSM and we ended
up winning so it's kind of like a
perfect wrap up to that but coming back
to the like the break I guess I just
learned from
that experience which I never would have
had if I didn't take the break I learned
that I really like being a pro I just
love competing and and and when I watch
all their players play I just I just
feel like I could do that better you
know and it's just like the same pro
player mentality as I've had for so long
and if I didn't take a step back I
wouldn't be able to appreciate it so
much that like oh wow like I love
competing I love playing with the team
for a single purpose and and trying to
get my teammates on the same page just
me or like having them challenged my
ideas and help me improve and help me
have like a better perspective and I
love like meeting fans and having fans
cheer for me and and making them proud
when I win and also like beating myself
up when I play like shit my fans are
really disappointed like I just love the
constant tug-of-war that you have when
you Pro and one really interesting thing
I noticed after I came back was I
realized that prey also did this exact
same thing anyone knows prey long as you
pray or formula rocks he also took a
break and he came back and they did
interview with him and like the it was
like a very short question kind of like
this where they're just like oh how was
that break you know what does that does
that affect you at all even now I didn't
realize that you took a break and he
said like yeah it helps me it helped me
like realize my passion helped me I
really appreciate what it is to be a pro
and I was like yeah that kind of really
has a lot of parallels with me but also
it made me realize that praise been
playing for a super long time and he's
still a beast you know he's still like
possibly the best he's and I'm one seed
from lck so he's probably like the best
day to carry ant or at least the best
bot Lane in lck right now and he had a
really similar experience as I did so I
think that's really cool yeah do so you
realize by the way that you can still
you can take spring split off stream
playlists spend much time with Bonnie
and then show up for the summer do find
get ranked best in North America and
play out TSM again assuming the format
stays the same G would you consider
doing it again for no actually I would
never do it again my team would hate me
so much not so much the only one split
off and then you're good yeah I think
one's good enough I mean I I don't think
my team should have to do
and roster changes and also it Choza I'm
like not very committed if I'm only
willing to play half as much time as
them and also I think spring is fun you
know it might not mean as much but it
means something to the fans at least and
I think it's fun to play Wow what this
is a very different thing from what you
were saying a year ago what well you
used to just talk about how you didn't
like spring split and that you thought
it wasn't very useful involve blood yeah
it's not that useful as a pro the Met is
totally different I didn't really I
didn't really lose anything as a player
by not playing in spring but it's still
competitive and I mean you got to play
for the spot to go to I'm aside I think
maybe if I played at MSI I would have
taken a lot of the way yeah so yeah
maybe it does actually I kind of take
that back if you're the first place team
in spring it really does give you more
experience roth's well I'm going to link
you this thing at the end here because I
just lived it right as we started this
interview I linked it to you on discord
it's on my youtube channel called
doublelift betrayed me and I linked you
to a time stamp specifically so you can
start watching it was that I felt you
know I listen whenever morals we're on
stage I don't think I'm necessarily
rooting for one or the other but I will
say I do get happy and I have to admit
this whenever Peter when something I use
my friend and I really want him to do
well and so I knew that if he had Oh
Travis you get happy when I win I get
happy when I win - thanks did you as you
keep watching oh no I didn't notice it
at first either until actually I'd
already published the video but if you
listen and I'll turn the volume up here
you can kind of hear that there's a
little bit of a conversation between
Sauron and Peter before the start of the
press conference oh shit dude why why
did you name up the volume on me
I had no wait dude honestly I had no
idea that you're in Boston you didn't
tell me anything I told you I was coming
the last time we hung out and I was all
I don't remember how to it and you know
that I'm really I have really bad
hearing yeah well do you want to comment
on the video clip that plays at the end
there I don't know if you saw it at the
end not the ones where I say yeah oh
wait you you stole my video it's clipped
out people could go flipped out my video
that's not fair use that's not super
fair use that is the definition of fair
use I clipped it out there I used only a
portion of it I I'm just happy that I
mean I just like trolling vishton he's a
he's a cute little boy and sometimes he
just looks too scrumptious over there
it's part of the reason why we're so
good as a duelin you know didn't know I
was in Boston getting in bed with
Vincent just very rude is there anything
that you're gonna be doing in Seattle
over the next couple days no I think I'm
just chilling a lot with Bonnie and we
just you guys aren't gonna go do
anything not hey no not a thing special
or particular well I don't I don't
really like go outside you probably
won't see her again for like seven weeks
if you're just gonna hang out and not do
anything yeah I mean that's to me that's
the best use of time dude just hang out
go eat together maybe like hang out with
some friends or play games watch shows I
like that see it's memorable to me so
you're like going outside is there
anything you want to say to your fans
[Music]
thank you guys I love you guys
I have a newfound appreciation for all
my fans for sure and it was really fun
to play in Boston hope to you go there
again thanks for cheering me on and bye
bye hopefully we don't fuck up at Worlds
especially me and on that note you could
check out the rest of our coverage of
all things L see us all leading up to
Worlds right here on my youtube channel
I hope you enjoyed the interview I want
to give a special shout out though to
mobile it Express Pond stirring my
coverage of the event both with the
production costs and the travel if you
are interested in becoming a better
League of Legends player that's what
they are all about and you can help you
out check out their link in the
description